Aflores plymouth (#234)
osisoft/Edge-Data-Store-Docs: content/release-notes/release-notes.md

## Enhancements

The following features were added: 

  - Manual egress

  - Period egress definition improvements
  
  - Support for OMF 1.2 ingress and egress

  - Support for the latest OpcUa and Modbus adapters

  - Enhanced health and diagnostics reporting

  - Enhanced SDS support including fast recovery, memory usage optimization and configuration, more diagnostic capabilities

  - Support for stream metadata and tags

## Fixes

The following items were resolved: 

| Item      | Description                                       |
|-----------|---------------------------------------------------|
| 298730    | Fixed FormatException from parsing UOM CSV using some cultures.   |
| 294320    | Fixed an issue causing data to stop flowing to a first ADH endpoint after a second endpoint is added.   |
| 308001    | OPC UA now correctly distinguishes between local and UTC time as inputs to History Recovery only mode.   |

## Known issues 

The following problems and enhancement requests have been deferred until a future release: 

>   - In this release of EDS, SDS transaction logs are expected to be truncated each time the system checkpoints. However, in the unlikely scenario that this truncation process fails repeatedly, the transaction log will continue to grow in size, eventually causing a process termination. The next EDS release will handle this scenario more gracefully.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - In this release of EDS, SDS transaction logs are expected to be truncated each time the system checkpoints; however, in the unlikely scenario that this truncation process fails repeatedly, the transaction log continues to grow in size and eventually results in a process termination. The next EDS release will handle this scenario more gracefully.
```
